README.md, before:

# tic-tac-toe-game-ruby

<h1 align="center">Tic-Tac-Toe Game</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Project created by Alan Soto Valle and Mir Rawshan Ali </strong>
  <br>
  It was based on the project in the Ruby Module in Microverse
</p>

## Table of Contents
- [❌About Tic-Tac-Toe⭕](#about-tic-tac-toe)
- [📐 About The Project](#about-the-project)
- [📋 Game Rules](#game-rules)
- [📝 Game Instructions](#game-instructions)
- [[Ruby](#built-with)
- [🖥️ Setup for starting Tic Tac Toe](#setup-for-starting-tic-tac-toe)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [💻 Run Tic-Tac-Toe](#run-tic-tac-toe)
  - [Windows](#windows)
  - [Mac and Linux](#mac-and-linux)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#-contributing)
- [⭐ Show your support](#show-your-support)

## about tic-tac-toe 
Tic-tac-toe is a paper-and-pencil game for two players, X and O, who take turns marking the spaces in a 3×3 grid. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row is the winner.



<hr>

## about the project
We created the game Tic Tac Toe using Ruby.

The game has a basic interface that runs in the terminal.

The goals of this project are:

- Practice with OOP (Object Oriented Programming) using Ruby.
- Learn how to create and structure a Ruby project.
- Learn to manage the files with correct usage to make code maintainable.
- Practice Git Flow and Github Flow creating branches for different features and for version control.
- This is part of the Odin project curriculum https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/oop

## game-rules

- Two player game
- Player will have tokens or symbols (X or O)
- Players take turns choosing a cell of the board to mark their symbol.
- A player can only choose an empty cell if not will return an error until input is in an empty cell.
- The first player to complete a succession of 3 of their assigned symbol (O's or X's) in a row, column or diagonal wins!
- If all of the cells are filled with a symbol and no player matched 3 symbols, the game ends in a tie.

## game-instructions

Once you run the game on the terminal, follow the instructions and prompts on screen.
- Both players should enter their preferable name or nickname
- Then it will display your tokens (X or O) and the turns will go accordingly to first and second player
- After the board is displayed the player should input their token accordingly to the empty slot (1 to 9).


## built-with

- Ruby


## setup-for-starting-tic-tac-toe

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

## prerequisites
Computer running Mac OS, Windows, or Linux Ubuntu.
Internet browser: Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera...

Have Ruby installed you can see this link for more detailed instructions [Install Ruby](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/web-development-101/lessons/installing-ruby)

### installation

You MUST have Ruby installed in your system. If you don't have it installed you can go this page [Install Ruby](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/web-development-101/lessons/installing-ruby)

After installing ruby, you can download the repo or clone it (paste on the terminal) `git@github.com:AlanSoto31/tic-tac-toe-game-ruby.git`

## run-tic-tac-toe
You will need to execute the main file located inside the bin folder. If you are using Window, follow next step.

## windows

Open the terminal and navigate to the folder using `cd path-to-folder` containing the tic-tac-toe game. Once you are inside, your terminal should look like this: User/<folder>/oop-ruby/. You can type or paste this on terminal `bin/main` to run the game.

## mac-and-linux 

Most Mac and some of Linux computers come with ruby installed, but still need to verify by typing in your terminal `ruby --version` if not please go back to [Installation](#installation) section.

After verifying you have ruby installed and completing the [Installation](#installation) section, open the terminal navigate using `cd path-to-folder` containing the tic-tac-toe game and run in the terminal `bin/main` to run the game.




## 👥 authors

👤 Alan Soto
 - Github: [@AlanSoto31](https://github.com/AlanSoto31)
 - Twitter: [@Alan95081574](https://twitter.com/Alan95081574)
 - Linkedin: [linkedin Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alan-soto-valle-b9a0511aa/)

👤Mir Rawshan Ali

- GitHub: @sumon0002009
- Twitter: @sumon0002009
- LinkedIn: Mir Rawshan Ali


## 🤝 contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/AlanSoto31/tic-tac-toe-game-ruby/issues).

## show-your-support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Update README file with instructions to use rspec

README.md, after:

# tic-tac-toe-game-ruby

<h1 align="center">Tic-Tac-Toe Game</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Project created by Alan Soto Valle and Mir Rawshan Ali </strong>
  <br>
  It was based on the project in the Ruby Module in Microverse
</p>

## Table of Contents
- [❌About Tic-Tac-Toe⭕](#about-tic-tac-toe)
- [📐 About The Project](#about-the-project)
- [📋 Game Rules](#game-rules)
- [📝 Game Instructions](#game-instructions)
- [[Ruby](#built-with)
- [🖥️ Setup for starting Tic Tac Toe](#setup-for-starting-tic-tac-toe)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [💻 Run Tic-Tac-Toe](#run-tic-tac-toe)
  - [Windows](#windows)
  - [Mac and Linux](#mac-and-linux)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#-contributing)
- [⭐ Show your support](#show-your-support)

## about tic-tac-toe 
Tic-tac-toe is a paper-and-pencil game for two players, X and O, who take turns marking the spaces in a 3×3 grid. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row is the winner.



<hr>

## about the project
We created the game Tic Tac Toe using Ruby.

The game has a basic interface that runs in the terminal.

The goals of this project are:

- Practice with OOP (Object Oriented Programming) using Ruby.
- Learn how to create and structure a Ruby project.
- Learn to manage the files with correct usage to make code maintainable.
- Practice Git Flow and Github Flow creating branches for different features and for version control.
- This is part of the Odin project curriculum https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/oop

## game-rules

- Two player game
- Player will have tokens or symbols (X or O)
- Players take turns choosing a cell of the board to mark their symbol.
- A player can only choose an empty cell if not will return an error until input is in an empty cell.
- The first player to complete a succession of 3 of their assigned symbol (O's or X's) in a row, column or diagonal wins!
- If all of the cells are filled with a symbol and no player matched 3 symbols, the game ends in a tie.

## game-instructions

Once you run the game on the terminal, follow the instructions and prompts on screen.
- Both players should enter their preferable name or nickname
- Then it will display your tokens (X or O) and the turns will go accordingly to first and second player
- After the board is displayed the player should input their token accordingly to the empty slot (1 to 9).


## built-with

- Ruby


## setup-for-starting-tic-tac-toe

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

## prerequisites
Computer running Mac OS, Windows, or Linux Ubuntu.
Internet browser: Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera...

Have Ruby installed you can see this link for more detailed instructions [Install Ruby](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/web-development-101/lessons/installing-ruby)

### installation

You MUST have Ruby installed in your system. If you don't have it installed you can go this page [Install Ruby](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/web-development-101/lessons/installing-ruby)

After that install rspec by typing the command below:

    gem install rspec

After installing ruby, you can download the repo or clone it (paste on the terminal) `git@github.com:AlanSoto31/tic-tac-toe-game-ruby.git`

## run-tic-tac-toe
You will need to execute the main file located inside the bin folder. If you are using Window, follow next step.

## windows

Open the terminal and navigate to the folder using `cd path-to-folder` containing the tic-tac-toe game. Once you are inside, your terminal should look like this: User/<folder>/oop-ruby/. You can type or paste this on terminal `bin/main` to run the game.

## mac-and-linux 

Most Mac and some of Linux computers come with ruby installed, but still need to verify by typing in your terminal `ruby --version` if not please go back to [Installation](#installation) section.

After verifying you have ruby installed and completing the [Installation](#installation) section, open the terminal navigate using `cd path-to-folder` containing the tic-tac-toe game and run in the terminal `bin/main` to run the game.

## how-to-test

In order to test our project type the command below:

  rspec --format documentation

## 👥 authors

👤 Alan Soto
 - Github: [@AlanSoto31](https://github.com/AlanSoto31)
 - Twitter: [@Alan95081574](https://twitter.com/Alan95081574)
 - Linkedin: [linkedin Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alan-soto-valle-b9a0511aa/)

👤Mir Rawshan Ali

- GitHub: @sumon0002009
- Twitter: @sumon0002009
- LinkedIn: Mir Rawshan Ali

👤**Marcelo Araújo**

- GitHub: [@marcelomaidden](https://github.com/marcelomaidden)
- Twitter: [@marcelomaidden](https://twitter.com/marcelomaidden)
- LinkedIn: [Marcelo Fernandes de Araújo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marcelo-fernandes-de-ara%C3%BAjo-56700a171/)


## 🤝 contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/AlanSoto31/tic-tac-toe-game-ruby/issues).

## show-your-support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
